not even people in the United States
come out like this
[Music]
isn't because you heard that I was part
Portuguese everyone pity buried IOT she
chose to visit yeah the girls are
gorgeous and probably where I got my
looks from Portugal I knew Portuguese on
my mother's side and so I am interested
to kind of see where my mother's family
comes from I have two days off which is
very rare
I'll be having a coffee back of you
Thank You berry doom will certainly come
again I pronounce the Slovak let's show
you could a spherical tortoises at least
the girls well yesterday took a girl in
Spain many news after every single show
a different girl on the tour I end with
I kissed a girl and I throw myself into
the audience and at the end of the night
I find
one really care
I can't OD completed a North American
ethnicity magazine some stops care
musica where there's my shakes balloon I
mean it flattering but um you know the
only and on the road it doesn't change
anything
who knows maybe I'll have lots of
invitations invitations pretty Katy
Perry Nashua Santa Barbara Amy Law
Center aquatic I'm so focused on for de
gracia bodies Angie algumas each fish
who came of the shoes
I feel maybe a little naughty sometimes
but
courage tedious Katy Perry by starting
to go navigation through the grass
afternoon requires a little mesh
cooperativism I should have learned our
escape route for a little bit and try
and obrigado
what's out of regard to air Thanks
obrigado cute thank you